Reworked plugin queues (#5088)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/production/sizing-guidelines.md

For example, on a machine with 4 CPU cores and 8 GB of RAM available, we recommend allocating between 4-6 GB to cache via the `mem_cache_size` directive, depending on what other processes are running alongside {{site.base_gateway}}.

> ### Plugin queues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:3.3.x %}
### Plugin queues
```

Several plugins that are distributed with {{site.base_gateway}}
utilize internal, in-memory queues to decouple production of data from

> the transmission to an upstream server.  These queues reduce the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the transmission to an upstream server. These queues reduce the
```

number of concurrent requests that are made to an upstream server
under high load conditions and provide for buffering during temporary

> network and upstream outages.  Please see the [Plugin Queues]()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
network and upstream outages. Please see the [Plugin Queues]()
```

> network and upstream outages.  Please see the [Plugin Queues]()

Reviewer 2: No link here?

> network and upstream outages. Please see the [Plugin Queues]()
> documentation for details on {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal
> queueing system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network and upstream outages. For more information about {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal queueing system, see [About Plugin Queuing](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/kong-plugins/queue/).
```

> Several plugins that are distributed with {{site.base_gateway}}
> utilize internal, in-memory queues to decouple production of data from
> the transmission to an upstream server.  These queues reduce the
> number of concurrent requests that are made to an upstream server
> under high load conditions and provide for buffering during temporary
> network and upstream outages.  Please see the [Plugin Queues]()
> documentation for details on {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal
> queueing system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several plugins that are distributed with {{site.base_gateway}}
utilize internal, in-memory queues to decouple production of data from
the transmission to an upstream server. These queues reduce the
number of concurrent requests that are made to an upstream server
under high load conditions and provide for buffering during temporary
network and upstream outages. For more information about {{site.base_gateway}}'s internal queueing system, see [About Batch Queuing](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/kong-plugins/batch-queue/).
```

As queues utilize main memory to store queued entries, it is important
to understand how many queues exist in the system and how many entries
they can hold in terms of their capacity configuration.

Most plugins use one queue per plugin instance, with the exception of

> the http-log plugin, which uses one queue per log server upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the HTTP Log plugin, which uses one queue per log server upstream
```

configuration.

The `queue.max_entries` configuration parameter determines how many

> entries can be waiting for transmission on a given queue.  Once this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
entries can be waiting for transmission in a given queue. Once this
```

limit is reached, the oldest entry is removed when a new entry is

> enqueued.  While it is not possible to precisely predict how much

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enqueued. While it isn't possible to precisely predict how much
```

> enqueued.  While it is not possible to precisely predict how much

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
enqueued. While it is not possible to precisely predict how much
```

memory a single queue entry will occupy for a given plugin and in a
particular configuration, estimates can be made based on the amount of
data that is actually transmitted to the upstream server.

In larger configurations, it is advisable to experimentally determine
the memory requirements of queues by running {{site.base_gateway}} in

> a test environment and observe its memory consumption while plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a test environment and observing its memory consumption while plugin
```

> upstream servers are unavailable, forcing queues to grow up to their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upstream servers are unavailable, forcing queues to reach the
```

configured limits.

The default value of 10,000 entries for the `queue.max_entries` should
provide for enough buffering in many installations while keeping the

> maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.
{% endif_version %}
```

> maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.
{% endif_version %}
```

> maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maximum memory usage of queues at reasonable levels.
{% endif_version %}
```
